good evening ma'am good evening
where are you arriving from from london
what's the purpose of your visit
business i'm here for a conference how
long are you staying in the u.s
a week where are you staying in san
francisco at the pacific view hotel
do you know anybody here yes mark ryder
is he family or a friend he's a
colleague
and a friend do you have his phone
number
yes his mobile is
405-655-7182
is this your first visit to the u.s yes
it is
enjoy your stay in san francisco thank
you
ali hi hi mark you look great
you too how are you i'm fine how was the
flight
long 11 hours ah you must be really
tired
yes i couldn't sleep at all the people
next to me had a baby with them
what's the time here i need to change my
watch it's seven in the evening
it's three in the morning for me okay
i'm gonna take you right to the hotel
and you can rest fine ah
sorry you are gonna love san francisco
i'm so pleased you came
me too it's great to see you again come
on my car's in the parking lot let's go
good evening ma'am how can i help you
good evening i have a reservation my
name's alison gray
i'm here for the mtc conference just a
moment
ah here it is ms gray for six nights
that's right okay ms gray
here's your key you're in room 419 on
the fourth floor
thank you what time's breakfast from
seven to nine
in the pavilion restaurant on the sixth
floor thanks
where's the lift the elevators are over
there
thanks do you need any help with your
bags yes please
hello reception hello this is room 419
how can i help you i have a problem with
the air conditioning
it isn't working and it's very hot in my
room i'm sorry ma'am
i'll send someone up to look at it right
now thank you
room service can i help you hello this
is room 419
can i have a tuna sandwich please whole
wheat or white bread
whole wheat please with or without mayo
without with french fries or salad
salad please anything to drink yes
a diet coke with ice and lemon
just ice he'll be there in five minutes
ma'am
thank you here you go allie a cappuccino
see i remembered well done thanks
did you sleep well yes very well how are
things
they're fine what are the plans for the
week well today we don't have any free
time but tomorrow
i'm going to take you to this great
little restaurant i know that sounds
good
and then on wednesday night there's a
cocktail party here at the hotel
and then a conference dinner on thursday
is there
anything special you want to do well i'd
like to see the bay
and the golden gate bridge and i'd like
to go shopping
if this time hi mark how are you doing
hi brad i'm fine just fine aren't you
going to introduce me
oh uh sure ally this is brad martin brad
works in the los angeles office
brad this is allie gray from the london
office hello
hi ali great to meet you mark told me
you were very nice but he didn't tell me
you were so beautiful
so is this your first time in san
francisco yes yes it is
has mark showing you the sights well not
yet
then maybe i can show you around i love
this city oh
ally it's time to go excuse us brad
well great to meet you ali see you
around
yes nice to meet you too goodbye
bye are you ready to order
yes to start a tomato and mozzarella
salad is that right alan
yes and the mushroom soup from
and for your main course i'll have the
fried chicken
with french fries or a baked potato a
baked potato please
and for you sir and i like the steak
with french fries
how would you like your steak rare
medium well done
rare please and to drink
could you bring us the wine list please
chicken for you ma'am and the steak for
you sir
i'm sorry but i asked for a baked potato
not fries no problem
i'll change it excuse me
yes sir i asked for my steak rare and
this is well done
i'm very sorry i'll send it back to the
kitchen
could we have a check please yes sir
your check thanks excuse me
i think there's a mistake in the check
we only had two glasses of wine
not a bottle yes you're right
i'm very sorry it's not my day today
i'll get you a new check thank you
your check sir thanks
thank you thank you mark that was a
lovely dinner
i'm glad you enjoyed it how's your
daughter
jennifer she's fine she's with her
mother in los angeles
mark yeah can i ask you something
something personal sure what
how long were you married uh three years
why did you break up
there were a lot of reasons we were very
young when we had jennifer
we were both working very hard we didn't
spend much time together
the usual story what about you ally
well there was someone i met him when i
was at university
we were together for two years you broke
up
why i don't know usual story
thank you listen
oh it's early it's only nine o'clock
shall we go for a walk
good idea where should we go there's a
place called fisherman's wharf it's
right on the bay
there are a lot of cafes and bars we
could have another cup of coffee
fine let's go
good morning ma'am how can i help you i
want to go shopping where's the best
place to go
well all the big department stores are
around union square
can you tell me how to get there yes of
course
go out of the hotel and turn left go
straight ahead down sutter street
turn left at stockton it's the third
street on the left
union square will be right in front of
you you can't miss it thanks
oh where is it
excuse me can you tell me the way to
union square
hey don't i know you i don't think so
ally i'm brad
brad martin from the los angeles office
i'm mark's friend remember
we met yesterday at the hotel oh yes
that's right brad
i'm so sorry no problem
what are you doing here i want to go
shopping i'm looking for union square
but i'm lost where's mark
he's at the hotel he had a meeting i
think
listen ali i'm going to take you for a
cup of coffee
at del monaco's they have the best
coffee in san francisco
and amazing cookies and i'll walk with
you to union square
oh that's really kind of you are you
sure absolutely
it's my pleasure okay great
i'm awful with new cities i always get
lost
i love your british accent
can i help you yes i really like this
sweater do you have it in a medium
let's see
we have it in red in a medium no i want
it in black
just a minute i'll go and check
here you are a black medium do you want
to try it on
no thanks i'm sure it'll be fine how
much is it 43.38
oh it says 39.99 yes but that doesn't
include sales tax
that's 8.5 extra oh okay
do you take mastercard yes of course
can i help you yes i bought this sweater
about half an hour ago yes i remember
is there a problem yes i've decided it's
too big for me
what size is it medium so you need a
small
i don't see one here do you have any
more i'll go and check just a minute
i'm sorry but we don't have another one
in black oh dear
we can order one for you it'll only take
a few days no i'm leaving on saturday
would you like to exchange it for
something else not really
could i have a refund no problem do you
have the receipt
yes
here you are
ali you look great as usual
how was your morning really good first i
went shopping
then i went to the museum of modern art
what did you think of it it was
wonderful but i didn't have enough time
to see it all
never mind maybe next time what a lovely
evening
hi ali oh how's the shopping
great thanks hi mark and did you like
the museum i hope you didn't get lost
again
hey i didn't know you two were friends
already we met this morning
i got lost i was trying to find union
square and suddenly brad appeared
so i took her to my favorite coffee shop
ally
what would you like to drink i'd like a
cocktail please a margarita
what a good idea i'll have one too mark
could you get us a couple of margaritas
so now i'm the waiter am i
so tell me about the museum ally
what was your favorite painting
hi how can i help you do you have any
painkillers i have a headache
i'm sorry we can't give our guest
medicine but we can call a doctor for
you if you like
no it's okay i don't need a doctor it's
just a cold
but is there a chemist near the hotel do
you mean a pharmacy
sorry that's right a pharmacy sure
there's one right across the street
thank you you're welcome
good morning can i help you i have a bad
cold do you have something i can take
what symptoms do you have i have a
headache and a cough
do you have a temperature no i don't
think so does your back hurt
no are you allergic to any drugs i'm
allergic to penicillin
no problem these are aspirin these make
you feel better
how many do i have to take two every
four hours sorry how often
every four hours if you don't feel
better in 24 hours
you should see a doctor okay thanks how
much are they
475 please
thank you you're welcome
bless you are you okay it's just a cold
i had a bad headache this morning but i
feel better now
listen i'm really sorry about last night
what do you mean
at the party i got kind of angry at brad
he was really annoying me
oh i think he's very nice yeah women
always think so
don't worry mark brad's not my type
so what is your type ally you know what
my type is
dark hair 34 years old
lives in san francisco listen
tomorrow's your last day i want to do
something special what would you like to
do
i don't mind you choose how about
a boat trip around the bay we could do
that in the morning and then have a nice
dinner in the evening
that sounds fantastic it's too bad you
can't stay longer
yes it's a pity this week has gone so
quickly
i feel i've just arrived and now i'm
going home
well i'm gonna make sure tomorrow is a
really special day
hi ellie how you feeling today
much better oh good are you going to be
warm enough with just that sweater
it might be a little cold on the boat
i'll be fine
are we going to walk to the bay no it's
too far it's better if we get a cab
how long does it take by cab in about 10
minutes
and how long's the boat trip i'm not
sure
i think it's an hour why well i have to
be back here by one
i'm expecting an important phone call
not from brad i hope
well actually no of course not from the
new york office
okay let's go
good morning good morning sir what time
does the next boat leave
at 10 o'clock how long does it take
about an hour
and where exactly does the boat go it
goes under the bridge
around angel island and past alcatraz
and then back here
can we get anything to eat or drink on
the boat yes ma'am there's a snack bar
can i have two tickets please sure
two adults how much is that that's
forty dollars there you are
thank you sir thank you
so what do you think of san francisco
it's beautiful mark i love it
better than london not better different
do you think you could live here no i
don't think so
no why well it's a long way from london
i think i'd miss all my family and
friends could you live somewhere else
but in
europe maybe why'd you ask oh no reason
i just wondered
on your left you can see the island of
alcatraz
look can you see that building that used
to be the prison
but it was closed in 1963 it's a museum
now
where are we going for dinner tonight
it's a surprise oh i'm really looking
forward to it
me too oh i'm cold do you want to borrow
my coke
no it's okay
i'm gonna miss you mark excuse me
could you take a photo of us please sure
ah you ready ready say cheese
good afternoon how can i help you hi i'm
leaving tomorrow morning very early
could you prepare my bill so i can pay
this evening of course
and could you order me a cab for what
time my flight's at 9 15
so i have to beat the airport at 7 15.
then you'll need a cab at six o'clock
i'll order one for you thanks oh and has
there been a phone call for me
oh yes there's a message for you
can you call this number in new york
right thanks you're welcome
hello uh hello is that mtc
sorry you've got the wrong number oh
sorry
mtc new york how can i help you hello
can i speak to lisa formosa please
just a moment i'll put you through
hello hi is that lisa no i'm sorry
she's not at a desk right now can i
leave a message please
sure tell her ali gray called i'll call
back in five minutes
mtc new york how can i help you hello
can i speak to lisa formosa please
just a moment i'm sorry the line's busy
do you want to hold
okay i'll hold
hello hi lisa it's allie gray
allie hi how's california great great
well is it good news or bad news it's
good
you've got the job in paris oh wonderful
that's fantastic
thanks for everything i've had a great
time here
cheers to us
allie
we need to talk about the future i mean
about
our future yes
allie i really think we have a future
together
i'm serious so am i mark but
the problem is you live here and i live
in london
we're 6 000 miles apart maybe that's not
going to be a problem
i have something to tell you we're not
going to be 6 000 miles apart we're only
going to be 300 miles apart
what do you mean you know the new mtc
office that's opening in paris next
month
yes well i'm going there i'm going to be
the marketing manager
isn't that amazing i'll only be an hour
away from you you're joking
no i'm serious what's the matter
aren't you pleased you don't look very
happy yes i am happy
it's amazing but i have something to
tell you too
no i'm going to the paris office too
i've just heard that was the phone call
i was waiting for
i don't believe it that's wonderful
we'll be together
yes but there's just one little thing
mark
what's that i'm going to be the director
in paris
i'm going to be your boss
[Music]
would would you like
something to eat
okay we have long eat
would you like something to eat
i don't think i
don't think okay
i can't eat anything
okay i don't think
i can eat anything
just put your tongue between your teeth
in the syllable or the word that
have the th cell some people like they
are not really familiar with itself they
just think that
there's anything anything or anything
okay
the position is not correct okay
anything
i don't think i can eat anything
thank you thank you
why are you okay
i can open this is o
open my mouth
my teeth hurt
my teeth hurt would you like
something to eat i don't think
i can eat anything thank you
why are you okay i
can't open my mouth my teeth hurt
who are over there
they this is a they
are my father
and mother they
are my father and mother
are they playing
playing volleyball this is vog
is it bore volleyball
with their dark this is air
their dog are they playing
volleyball with their dog
yes look they all
breathe heavily
they yes look
they or this is or okay
or this is long or they are
read heavily okay again
who are over there they are
my father and mother
are they playing volleyball with their
dog yes look
they all breathe heavily what's
your favorite free time
at t video what's your favorite
free time activity i
like playing badminton
i like playing badminton
do you like table
tennis do you like table tennis
do you like table tennis not
really not really i
hate it you can match them together hate
it
okay not unstressed tea
okay hate it
not really i hate it again
what's your favorite free time activity
i like playing badminton
do you like table tennis not really
i hate it did you
if you see d the first word
end with d and the second word
uh begins with a y
you know so you can match them together
and pronounce them as the j you know the
word
job you need a word job
okay this is okay exactly the same did
you
did you have the okay remember
uh this is the v
the consonant and the vowels together
and we link them together
did you have a good weekend
did you have a good weekend did you have
a good weekend yeah
it was great yeah it was great
what did did you they said what did you
do
what did you do well i
visited okay confident
and then that was together visited her i
visited a friend
i visited a friend
on saturday and
enjoyed a birthday
party this is r okay
party on sunday
well i visited a friend on saturday
and join enjoy the birthday party
on sunday why should we study english
pronunciation
well if you have just even started
studying english pronunciation
you're still able to realize that the
way
an english word is spelled is different
from the way it is pronounced right
to make it clear let's take some
examples here the same
vowel letters e a together but
this is meats right
this is
this one red red
so we have f
and this one break
break so we have a
so the same e a but different ways of
pronunciation
e e a right
chicken chicken so we have
this one machine
machine so this is
and this one chemistry
chemistry so we have k
okay what about this one child
right
child but when we just add
r e n at the end of
child so how we pronounce this one
is it children no it is
children right so we have
it children this
is women we have
women that when we just
replace e for a
how do we pronounce this one is it
women no this is
we mean women